Doc refactor of local install (#1245)
kubefirst/kubefirst: docs/kubefirst/local/install.md

- [Nginx Ingress Controller](../https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/intro/overview/) - Ingress Controller
- [Metaphor](../https://github.com/kubefirst/metaphor-frontend-template) - A sample app to demonstrate CI/CD in on Kubernetes. Contains Devlopment, Staging, and Production environments.
- [Vault](../https://github.com/hashicorp/vault) - Secrets Management

### How to resolve HTTPS Certificate Warnings

To resolve the warning that the browser shows when you access one of your applications, run the command:
```shel
mkcert -install
```
 We use [Mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) to generate local certificates and serve `https` with Linkerd Ingress Controller.

During installation, Kubefirst generates these certificates and pushes them to Kubernetes as secrets to attach to Ingress resources. The browser does not recognize auto-assigned certificates as trusted certificates and will generate security errors. 

This step will install the CA (Certificate Authority) of MkCert in your trusted store and will allow the browser to trust in certificates generated by your Kubefirst local install.

> ### Atlantis and ngrok integration

Reviewer: one detail worth mentioning in this section is that the ngrok tunnel used for kubefirst local has a 2-hour expiration unless you create an account with ngrok. this expiration will prevent you from using automated infrastructure as code through atlantis, but the rest of the platform will continue to function beyond that ngrok evaluation period.

- [Atlantis](https://www.runatlantis.io/) - Terraform Workflow Automation
- [Certificate Issuers](https://letsencrypt.org/certificates/) - Let's Encrypt browser-trusted certificates
- [Cert Manager](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager) - Certificate Automation Utility
- [Chart Museum](https://github.com/helm/chartmuseum) - Helm Chart Registry
- [External Secrets](https://github.com/external-secrets/kubernetes-external-secrets) - Syncs Kubernetes secrets with Vault secrets
- [GitHub Action Runner](https://github.com/features/actions) - Self Hosted GitHub Action Runner
- [Nginx Ingress Controller](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-ingress-controller/intro/overview/) - Ingress Controller
- [Metaphor](https://github.com/kubefirst/metaphor-frontend-template) - A sample app to demonstrate CI/CD in on Kubernetes. Contains Devlopment, Staging, and Production environments.
- [Vault](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault) - Secrets Management

### How to resolve HTTPS Certificate Warnings

To resolve the warning that the browser shows when you access one of your applications, run the command:
```shel
mkcert -install
```

>  We use [Mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) to generate local certificates and serve `https` with Linkerd Ingress Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We use [Mkcert](https://github.com/FiloSottile/mkcert) to generate local certificates and serve `https` with the Traefik Ingress Controller.
```
